chore(RBAC): Document Configure permission (#1835)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 02.Overview/12.Role.Based.Access.Control/docs.md

* **Manage**: write access to the devices, requires **Read**.
* **Deploy**: permission to deploy software to the devices, requires **Read**.
* **Connect**: troubleshooting access to the devices, requires **Read**.

> * **Configure**: permission to manage device configuration, requires **Read**.

Reviewer: Maybe:

```suggestion
* **Configure**: permission to get and set devices' configuration, requires **Read**.
```
